Are you tired of forgetting all the questions
you ask?
Chatgpt. It's tough to remember every
detail, right?
And searching through endless chats just to
find one.
What a hassle.
But don't worry because boom console is here
to make your life easier, just add it to your
browser from the Google Chrome Web Store.
We're all about making things simple.
BoomConsole will remember everything for
you.
It's like your own personal memory bank
right on the internet.
Boom! Your chats. And the best part?
You can organize your chats into folders
with notes and descriptions, making it super
easy to find what you need whenever you need
it.
Oh, and searching piece of cake.
Just type in what you're looking for.
Click and boom, you're right back in the
chat reliving your awesome memories.
Get started today.
BoomConsole com